Copyedits for Partner Manager 2.9 (#147)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/Edits/Configuring and Managing Message Flows/deploy-message-flows.adoc

= Deploying and Testing Message Flows

> Anypoint Partner Manager dynamically validates the message flow configuration elements as you complete them and displays a green checkmark next to each of the validated elements.

Reviewer: This sentence and Line 131 could be the same.

> After Partner Manager validates the message flow configuration elements, you can deploy and test the message flow. It is best to deploy the message flow in a sandbox environment. After you verify that the message flow is successful, you can undeploy it from the sandbox and redeploy it to your production environment.

Reviewer: Would this work as well and be more direct:
```suggestion
After Partner Manager validates the message flow configuration elements, deploy and test the message in a sandbox environment. After you verify that the message flow is successful, you can undeploy it from the sandbox and redeploy it to your production environment.
```

== Deploy Message Flows

> To minimize the impact of the service interruption caused by deploying a message flow, perform message flow deployments outside of your regular business hours. This issue does not exist on CloudHub because CloudHub provides a zero-downtime update of the AS2 endpoint application.

Reviewer: Alternative, to exempt CloudHub right away:
```suggestion
In non-CloudHub environments, minimize the impact of the service interruption caused by deploying a message flow by deploying outside of your regular business hours. This issue does not exist on CloudHub because CloudHub provides a zero-downtime update of the AS2 endpoint application.
```
The second sentence seems optional to me: does the audience care why?

To deploy a message flow, click the *Deploy* button.

The message flow is deployed to Mule runtime engine, enabling you to:

* Start receiving messages from your partner
* Use the *Activity* page to track the processed messages

> == Test a Deployed Message Flow

Reviewer: The position of this confuses me a little. Aren't we recommending...:

1. Deploy to sandbox.
2. Test in sandbox.
3. Undeploy from sandbox and deploy "for real" to production.

This subtopic order might make the timing of testing uncertain, if deployment is just...general deployment, to sandbox or prod.

Reviewer: (Sorry! Back to copyediting....)

After you deploy the message flow, send test messages to verify that:

* You can receive messages and acknowledgments from your partners.
* The DataWeave map works.
* Your backend applications receive the transformed messages.

> Test your message flow in your Partner Manager sandbox environment by sending a test file to the receiving endpoint:

Reviewer: See note above re. being very clear what environment the user is working in. I know they can work in either, but since we recommend one way, I think we should document that one way.

. In the navigation menu, select *Activity* and the transmission to test.
. Scan for an exclamation point (!) in any of the boxes next to the displayed flow stages and address any issues.

> . If the system was set up to view payloads, review the received payload by clicking *View payload* next to the *Received transmission* section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If the system is set up to view payloads, review the received payload by clicking *View payload* next to the *Received transmission* section.
```

+

> If you not sure about whether you should be able to view a payload, contact your B2B System Administrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're not sure about whether you should be able to view a payload, contact your B2B System Administrator.
```
